and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show i'm excited to be joined by
chris van praag today
chris is a sales development rep at
global top 10 hubspot solutions provider
babelquest they help businesses to
achieve their sales and marketing goals
using the hubspot platform and chris
uses creative video to generate new
business
as well as throughout the sales process
successfully chris
everyone welcome to the show sir how are
you doing yeah very well thanks
thanks for having me on no worries dude
so looking forward to getting stuck
right in chris and um i don't really
want to
be on beat around the bush i want to put
you straight on the spot and as we've
talked a little bit about video before
about
little bits and pieces but today we're
going to be not just scratching the
surface really talking about how
how people how business owners have
sales reps can generate meetings
consistently
using the power of video so first and
foremost chris
is video more effective than the
telephone
it's a big question um i think it's
unfair
to say that they would need to be used
separately i don't think that one
replaces the other
but i think that video is significantly
underused
and we're at a point now where the way
that people
answer the phone is different because of
everything that's been going on this
last year
people are more available and so by all
accounts the phone should be more
available but then does that
clutter things up video for me really
kind of cuts through the noise and it is
different
you know we've been making sales phone
calls for
for years and i don't think that video
will
will replace it but i think it is a
it's a very direct approach but it's
also a
maybe a softer approach people can
consume it in their own time it can be
less
invasive but you are still able to
convey your message but also equally
you're able to
um you can be clearer and you can really
sort of demonstrate
you yourself um which you can't do over
the phone
and you might be able to leave a
voicemail so i think it's i think it's
there are benefits to both
but i think if you're missing if you're
not utilizing video you are missing out
on a real significant thing that has
been happening
over the last few years and will
continue to grow fair play fair enough
so
i i thought i know that's what i thought
you were you were going to say chris a
bit of both
one doesn't replace the other i mean
would you say from your experience
you've had more
success with video than the phone in
more recent years
um yeah i mean it's quite new to me to
be honest i've been
i've been doing this i got this job um
in lockdown um and i actually
quite strangely in terms of how i
started with babelquest
i was applying for the role and was not
successfully able to get through the
business was incredibly busy
the the person who was in well my boss
who is now my boss who i couldn't get
through to over calls trying to get
through
yeah and um it was recommended by
somebody that i spoke to in the office
like send him a video so i did some you
know some prospecting as any good sdr
would do
found his number and i sent him a video
and that's how it all kind of began and
in fact i got a message half an hour
later from
from eric my boss who said are you good
for a for a you know a face-to-face
interview the next day and so it kind of
began like that and that set out the
stool for my journey for the last sort
of ten months
um so it has yeah and it has it has
really made the difference and i think
for me it's been about growing my reach
and linkedin is a great way of doing
that and i've put some videos out that
have been
really really good and growing my reach
and the feedback that we get from
prospects and people that we are
um looking to sell to just love it you
know so
um i think it's a fantastic tool and
it's it's clearly
showing proven results and i think the
challenge is going to be how do we keep
constantly growing and adapting as more
and more people get involved in
in doing it what's the next thing it
almost sounds like you're a case study
of it chris you've literally
you tried to get through to in this case
this job with traditional methods
use the video and it worked straight
away by the sounds but you got the
interview
and got the role so that the proof is in
the pudding by the sounds of it
so i want to get stuck into to how we
can actually use video
not just to to get likes shares
comments or more what i call vanity
metrics how we can actually get meetings
in the diary
and eventually get get sales booked and
revenue generated or at least pipeline
generated
to lead towards revenue so with that
said
um what are some of the strategies that
you're seeing success with chris both
through perhaps
videoing people directly prospects
directly to generate meetings and then
perhaps we go on to talk about a more
broader sense throughout sharing content
yeah so from a direct approach um
[Music]
yes still calls will will remain the
primary
um but we would always make sure that we
would double dovetail that with a
with a video um and
inevitably if the call doesn't go
through you might leave a voicemail you
don't know if they've picked it up
or not the way of using video is
it's an advantage of hubspot but also
through vidyard you get analytics on
when those videos have been have been
watched
so that allows you to be able to
understand is that person interested
have they heard your message it allows
you to kind of
further on from there so it does
create a more um
you are able to kind of nurture that
person through there you know that
they've you know
potentially heard your your message you
have an opportunity to follow up again
if you're calling and you're leaving a
voicemail
and then you call again and you leave
another voicemail you should really have
kind of got everything out in that first
first message i feel like with the video
you can mix things up a bit it makes
things a little bit different there's
different stuff that you can do you
could provide demonstrations of
of tools and things if you know you can
you can ask some interesting discovery
questions
so i think there is more that you can do
and there is feedback that you can gain
by using video that you can't by using
the phone
got it so diving into the setting
meeting side of things you raised a good
point there
so using vidyard or tools like video
there's many out there bon bon and
others and obviously video
sponsor the shows we'll put a link below
um in the show notes as well
now you may as a good point about those
being trackable um
so things like having analytics having
being able to understand every time
someone clicks and views that video
how many people view it the information
so that's all going to be useful data
right
um especially if you sent out a video
perhaps a month or a week ago
completely forgot about it and then
someone clicks on that video and you
think oh
better give them a call now because
they've just had a look at this video
they might they might have uh
be interested in what we do or you might
forgotten about it might get lost in
your pipeline so that's
that's a good signal but have you got a
step-by-step process chris of how you
weave this into your let's say general
sales process
i.e are you doing some kind of
sequencing or maybe even looking at from
a higher level overview
are you putting down a target account so
the prospects you actually want to reach
out to
and then are you making sure you send
them a video first then give them a call
or have you even got like a certain
value prop that you found works really
well or it'd be interesting to learn
what's working for you right now
yeah so we we've tried different
approaches and we're always constantly
looking to
augment and adapt our approach um
um in the past we've used the um
the asset conversion that they've used
as a means to to use a sequence so
we would always lead 100 percent lead
with a personalized
um personalized email um video in email
so we're a strong believer on on inbound
babe requests we're an inbound agency
um so someone converts on one of our
assets
we can build up a picture from the
download of what that would be and where
they likely are
in the funnel um but then we will always
make sure that we've done some good
research who are they
what questions are they looking to
answer why are we
a good person to be able to answer that
can we provide any additional resources
we're just looking to help
really and so we'll always aim to lead
with a personalized um
email in fact like i was i was thinking
i received a
sales email the other day standard
text-based one and it began
with uh this is this is just another
cold email
and i just i didn't read it there's just
no interest in it and there was no
there was no personalization to it it
was it was pretty poor i appreciate if
you're trying to send stuff out
on mass it can be quite difficult to do
a personalized video for everybody
but i think the position that we are in
is we are looking to work with
you know other people are using hubspot
people are looking to utilize
sales name understanding video all that
kind of stuff we are quite targeted
about our approach we'll always lead
with a personalized video
but then we will sequence some other
sort of repurposable videos
maybe i was introducing we might be
discussing a case study that we've used
that we know would be of help
it might be um
blog explainers anything that we know so
we try and repurpose stuff into video
that people can
consume in their own in their own way so
yes we worked on stuff around
their asset download but and buyer
personas are a great place to
to consider you know understanding the
questions and challenges those people
are meeting
but i think you have to start
personalized you have to begin
personalized
and then if they watch that video they
understand who you are and what you're
doing
and then the next sequence emails should
be getting closer to answering the
question they have a better
understanding about
the value proposition and how we can
help yeah and just quickly on your
research side of things chris does that
mean you're checking out the linkedin
profile or you're trying to learn a bit
more about them
is that something you spend quite a lot
of time doing or is there any little
golden nuggets that you're actually
utilizing that you're finding about your
prospects and then you're weaving into
your videos
so they're personalized but they're not
to the point where it's creepy so you
know
what they're doing today what they just
had for lunch and what they're about to
have for dinner
yeah i mean to be honest yes
i appreciate that could be quite creepy
to a lot of people um although if i
received an email
and someone said you know someone said
that they were doing some research and
they noticed that i posted something and
they knew
what my favorite food was i'd actually
be pretty impressed and i'd probably be
you know so actually i think the more
personal you get the better
um because it shows you are genuinely
interested in that person you're not
just
farming out hundreds and hundreds of um
of emails or just a single video i could
very easily
create a video that says hi i'm chris at
babelquest you know i'm here to
help your business to grow and utilize
hubspot better if you want to reach out
get in touch and i could send it to
thousands of people um
and whether that's a success or not is
it
you know the test time will tell but i
think the value that we have in starting
that conversation
and the care that we have in making sure
that we go to an individual that we know
is going to benefit from our services
it enables us to be able to really
tailor the message better so
yeah we will do we'll do research on the
business ultimately need to be a size of
business that we know that
we can work with um they need to be at a
stage where they want to be
you know utilizing sales and marketing
services and they can benefit from the
stuff that we're doing
because if at the end of the day it's
just a linkedin connection
and maybe they sign up to a newsletter
we might not be able to help them now
but we might
help them later down the line and that's
really what we're there to do but if
they're in a position where they're
looking to
specifically buy into services that we
can help with then
you know we're the ones that they would
think of to to be able to do that
okay okay and does that does are there
certain things we need to consider chris
in terms of the perhaps duration of the
video
in terms of whether we're actually
pitching them straight away or whether
we're just doing some kind of soft ask
or asking them if they want to learn
more
or are there certain subtleties to it
that we really need to bear in mind so
we don't scare the the potential
customer off from day one
yeah i mean that's the million dollar
question right how do you make sure that
the message that you're
sending and providing is the gonna be
the thing that helps them to book a
meeting with you and
i don't have an answer for that um you
can
pull together some good insight based on
what they've downloaded and you know
what they're looking at and you know
fortunately hubspot serves us up a lot
of information that allows us to be able
to do that
um so i don't i don't think there is a
specific
answer to that which i'd love to be able
to
um but yeah i think i think it's about
mixing it up trying to be as personal as
as possible
always be helping um you know making
sure that
i don't think you get you can't go
straight in with a pitch because
you don't really know 100 what they want
you know we have a price list on our
website
sure so if someone goes to our website
and downloads our price list
i can tell you 99 times out of 100 that
person is not looking to know how much
the stuff that we
provide costs but they are probably
looking to find out what we do
and how we can help so they could be
right at the top of the funnel and yet
they've downloaded a price list that is
bottom of funnel so ultimately it's
about trying to open up a conversation
with somebody
and establish whether whether we can
help and if we can help then
the services and and the pitching part
can probably follow but we need to find
out
from them first and how we can help got
it okay chris well there's some some
nice basics there in terms of
in terms of actually utilizing video to
to get the meeting
now in terms of perhaps on a more wider
scope
in terms of using video as a content
source in general
i know you mentioned before hit record
and i've seen on linkedin and you even
promoted the show today
with a nice little entertaining video um
what are you seeing success with and
what do you recommend people get with um
or utilize on the video side of things
from a more general side of things from
putting out content on linkedin or other
social channels
or what's working for you that you're
seeing great results from
um well from my own personal perspective
it's about
being able to let people know who i am
you know people buy from people linkedin
is an incredibly crowded
space um it does seem
like it is diversifying in terms of the
types of content
you know i'm starting to see you know
internet memes
popping up obviously business specific
ones but they are they are popping up
and there are more and more people out
there that are creating
really great creative content that
hopefully also has a business message to
it
but let's not you know linkedin is a is
is social media
so as well as it being a fantastic
business tool
it's it's it's getting closer to being
more of that kind of
time absorbing kind of it you know it
sucks you in so and i was chatting to my
colleague lilly about this
it does it does and and it's and it's
because that's what it's there to do
it's designed to do that i was chatting
to lily who works in
business development with me and we're
saying we need linkedin to do our job
but equally
it's trying to pull you away to go you
know look at all this other stuff and so
you do have to be quite smart about how
you do that but i think if you want to
be
utilizing it in that way you need to
play the game and and the game is
you know let people know who you are and
and i you know yes i you know i make
some funny creative videos and i've had
some really really
great opportunities and some successes
and and met some amazing people off the
back of that
but that's a as a result of i've got a
background in in in making
creative videos from from former roles
and and i've been able to and i've been
fortunate enough that babelquest have
allowed me the creative freedom to be
able to do that
um and it's it's been quite a great you
know a sort of marrying of two things
but
i guess what i would say to people
watching and listening is
if you're not that person and you're not
the one that wants to you know you don't
have
you know i don't have any kind of
creative fun ideas and stuff that
doesn't really matter i think ultimately
if you're
on linkedin and you're prospecting and
you're doing a job and prospecting and
selling a product that you
are passionate about work for a business
that you're passionate about hopefully a
lot of people out there are
um then that's all you need to share you
need to just explain to people why
you're
you know why why you're a good person to
buy from because you're not going to
be knocking on doors any time soon and
we're not going to be doing you know
pitch visits to people in in offices
this is how it's going to be
and so if people want to get to know you
and understand who you are and what
you're about
um video is the way to do it and
linkedin is a great way to be able to
let everybody in your
um in your connections list and
potentially all those other
people know who you are and then you'll
be front of mind when
hopefully your business message you know
comes through as well in those things so
just you know get out there post some
stuff
um and and and see where it takes you
certainly
certainly that's it it's um it's it's a
nice little interrupt in the feed as
well especially if you see a video
that's a bit quirky that stands out from
from the rest of the post it's a bit
entertaining but at the same time it's
quite useful
it's like you say slightly relevant to
what you do so people can get that trust
in
in yourself that you actually do know
what you're talking about that you are
a good guy to speak to for the
particular product or service you offer
are there any ways chris that you've
found pretty good in terms of
getting that balance of being
entertaining but at the same time
showcasing that you are
um knowledgeable about your sector and
you are the go-to guy
for your particular product or offering
yeah
and that that is a constant battle that
i have in
in my mind when i'm i'm out on
you know dog walks or out and about or
you know i'm i'm constantly kind of
thinking what we trying to do right now
and then how can i balance the message
that we're looking to do and you know
the the the type of content that
i'd like to put out um and yeah i've
been able to come up with a few things
at the moment i've been sort of putting
out silly videos around
features that you know we sell we sell
in hubspot it's a useful way being able
to explain features but i've just been
doing it through
showing how if people in movies had
hubspot
how it would make those movies different
and silly things like that but
at the same time you know and
there are people out there that are just
posting silly videos which might seem
um like it might not seem like
they have value but at the same time
they're getting hundreds of reactions
and and that means that their their
other content is gonna
get get pushed to those people they like
that content so there is there is stuff
that you can
i guess it doesn't always have to be on
message i think there is a limit i think
if you just constantly on linkedin just
posting
tick tock video dancing videos you're
going to not have any authority but i
think
there's no reason and i'm sure there are
plenty of people out there and there's
there is some you know there's some
linkedin police out there that will say
you know absolutely not this is a this
you see it in the comments all the time
this is a professional place for
professional people
while you're posting this um but i'm i'm
not of that mindset and i you know i'd
encourage anybody to
message me on linkedin and tell me why
i'm wrong that's that's fine but for me
you know and a lot of the other people
that i follow and respect to doing a
similar thing
there is that there's that balance you
know they're doing a great job but
they're also
showing who they are and if you are
funny and silly at heart
and hopefully some other people who are
funny and silly at heart will get on and
maybe we'll work together so you know
those are the kinds of people that
that i'm banking on yeah and i like that
perspective chris and i guess it brings
it back to the
personal brand side of things we've had
a lot of guests on the show especially
daniel disney and
various other people talk about that it
shows that there really is a real person
behind the the computer or the tablet or
the mobile
and um like you said it's a tough one to
get that balance
of showcasing that you you are the go-to
person in your sector but at the same
time being entertaining
and yeah mixing up what what people see
in the feed or whatever content channel
they're on so
yeah but the only thing i'd add as well
is that i mean so i work in sales and
you know regardless of what has changed
in in the you know in the sales and the
business development
landscape we are always going to be
viewed
with an air of caution because
it's a salesperson and that hasn't
changed in decades
and and and other sales people will will
you know that they'll lay their
frustrations with that which is a shame
because
it seems like you know there's there's
like probably a few bad eggs from
however far ago
has has kind of created this situation
where by now you pesky salesperson
pesky salesperson don't put them through
to the people they want to speak to all
that kind of stuff
um so i think you know putting yourself
out there
especially in sales is a really good
opportunity to be able to say
this is who i am you know yes i i am
trying to sell something to you
but i'm not just trying to you know i'm
not trying to sell ice to eskimos i'm
trying to sell this to you because i
think it's genuinely going to help you
but
this is who i am you know i'm a normal
person
um i've got this job which i love um and
i you know
and i get to do this um and and
hopefully people
people see through that and they
understand that that that you know
there is a good message behind there and
actually perhaps this person is
is is they have a point they're a
professional but they're also a normal
human being let's have a conversation
and see where it takes us yeah and i
really like that element to it
so moving away from booking booking
leads booking
demos putting booking meetings are there
any ways
that you recommend people weave in video
later on in the sales process chris
so whether that's perhaps you've sent a
proposal or quote
and maybe accompanying a video of that
perhaps you're doing a follow-up or
perhaps someone's got
absolutely ghosted you and you've used
the video to reconnect with them
are there any quirky or unusual ways
that you're utilizing video later on in
the sales process
yeah all of those um we use it
we use it throughout and in fact we use
it throughout the sales process and we
also use it ongoing
um and i think that whether it's
because of everything that's you know
over this last year you know we're not
able to have those kind of
client quarterly session talk about kind
of post sales those kind of client
quarterly sessions where you might be
spending time you know directly with
them um
the opportunity to be able to
demonstrate things answer quick
questions
is great so our delivery team will be
you know if you get a quick question
over email how do i do this
sure you could have a 10 minute call um
and explain it and try and do it over
maybe
sharing a screen or something or you
could you know record a quick two minute
video
and that video can get passed around the
office hey does anybody
i didn't know how you could create this
automation okay you do that and you know
share it around
so i think ongoing it's really really
helpful but from a sales you know
you know it's about sales and um yeah
absolutely
outreach is key but i think um
a bit you know blog articles you know
there there are
tons of people pushing blogs blogging
blogging and content will always remain
a real
a real big focus for us and it will
always be out there the written word's
always gonna be out there but sometimes
you see a blog that looks interesting
and then it tells you now
eight minute read you're like why i
don't have eight minutes to to read
um to read that if you could summarize
it probably in a 90 second video so i've
done that you know we've done
90 second videos saying in this blog
below you're gonna learn
you know all the best um
whatever it might be seven best steps
for um for
utilizing video in the sales process um
here's some highlights here's how it
kind of works and stuff it kind of warms
you up into it so you say okay maybe
i'll read it later
and being able to explain case studies
and also why case studies are
specifically relevant to a prospect
um is great so yes a case study is fine
you've got some metrics on a board okay
fine
actually this case study is particularly
relevant to you because it shows how
we were able to increase um visibility
and and
you know uh drive 200 traffic to this
person's site through through this this
is why it's specifically relevant to you
um and then i think things like um
explainers yeah proposals you've
mentioned that's really really key
you know we can sometimes send um a
potential client a
20 or 30 page proposal when really they
are probably interested in four of those
pages and then they'll probably absorb
the rest of them later they want to know
the price and they want to know how
we've
validated the price against the services
and we've probably done that in a number
of discovery sessions that we might not
have had just recently so
it's vital in my view that the proposals
are explained
here's why we did this here's why we're
charging this here's how it works
here's why these two things are
different stand you out a bit from the
competition as well chris because
probably a lot of
the competitors just sending the quote
sending proposal whatever they
chip through and then that's it whereas
if you send an
explainer video just a quick one minute
or two minute recap saying look this is
what we talked about an initial call
this is what we agreed we do
these are our deliverables here's how
we're going to tackle your problem
specifically
and this is why the investment is what
it is and the timeline and here's where
we'll walk you through it
you've probably stood out from most of
the other businesses that have sent a
quote right
yeah 100 and think about think about you
you know
hopefully when you're sending that
proposal you are sending it to the
decision makers but let's say you're not
and you are sending it out and you
haven't sent it with an explainer
not only are you expecting the person
who's going to buy from you that they
still
it can 100 understand why you're
charging what you're charging for those
services
but what if they then need to take that
proposal to somebody else to say
to get it signed off or whatever it
might be you're then relying on that
person
explaining it so then you're in a kind
of chinese whisper situation which is
probably going to rely on
another call maybe to catch another
meeting and take
so yeah if you can do it all in a
two-minute video and that two-minute
video can then get
shared around then great you know your
voice is explaining it
then if they've got questions they can
come straight to you but hopefully
you've been able to summarize it
you're continually being able to
validate it back to your discovery
session so you've gone like you know
this is why we're doing this this is how
it's going to work
so i think it's i think it's vital
makes sense makes sense nice and in
terms of the
technology so if we're perhaps new to
video or we don't necessarily know the
tools that we need to utilize chris
are there any recommendations
specifically for what we've discussed so
whether that's to using video to book
meetings whether that's later on in the
sales process or whether that's just
generally to put out content there
whether it's on social or
other media channels what tools do you
recommend people get stuck into
to utilize what we've discussed so far
yeah so i mean
we use um we use vidyard which i know
you're a big advocate for we use a
vidyard which integrates into into
hubspot
um and we book meetings directly through
the hubspot link which which back ends
into vidyard
um so it's it's a very elegant solution
it works really really well
um vidyard to get started with vidyard
is it doesn't cost it doesn't cost a
penny you know you can you can download
the vidyard chrome extension and just
start
using it um i think if you want to use
it in a professional context you do need
to be
um you know paying for the for the for
the business allows you to be able to
have your own customized landing page
and
and it you know it comes across as
better but i think if people utilize
cost as a as an obstacle to not get
started then they don't
need to do that um and likewise you know
you go back to that example where i you
know i how i got my job i got my job
because i
recorded a video on my phone and i found
the number and i sent it to my
now boss um and and that was the
difference and that was just using the
you know the text that you know
everyone's got that's using the
technology there so um
yes vidyard and hubspot is a
fantastically elegant solution there are
others out there
um and there are you know there are very
inexpensive ways of getting started what
i think people need to have is that
is the commitment to and and the belief
that it that it will
that it will make a difference because
and what i find
a little baffling is that
the feedback that i commonly get we have
conversations all the time about you
know
we meet people through video so
inadvertently
when we end up in discovery
conversations we might be talking about
marketing services or sales enablement
or all the other kind of stuff that we
can help with but
it will always come up and they'll say
do you know what i love that video and i
would love to be using that
i would love to be using that video but
our sales team will never get on board
with it um and you you know you
we kind of query why and it's always
because they
they they just they just don't just they
wouldn't do it that face on the screen
and it's all just like
instagram is that influencer culture
thing isn't it what i find
odd is that we live in a world of video
calls now
that's all we do is just record
ourselves in our home offices
you know or you know at the end of the
bed
or when you're out and about that's just
what we do is how how it works now
except you're you're just not talking to
anybody and that's the kind of the
weirdness that i think people just need
to kind of
throw away is just you know that yes
you're going to feel odd you walk down
the street and you're holding a phone
out like that
yes you're probably going to feel a bit
self-conscious and yeah that person down
the street might go
what's he doing who's why is he why is
he doing that but
you do it once no one cares really no
one cares and
and and i think people need to kind of
show you know we're showing people our
houses now we're inside
each other's homes we become more we
become
closer in that regard um
and i think it does show a degree of
humility when you're prepared to
to do that you know and camera off and
things as as most of us are
um you know if we're able to do that so
um yeah i don't
i don't see why people wouldn't just
utilize that opportunity to go i'm just
gonna record a video but rather than
having somebody in a meeting
you're just gonna send it uh and and
wait and see what comes back i'm sure
things will
likely say chris i think it's just the
fact that you've got to take that first
step
and whilst it may be a bit uncomfortable
the first time doing it and i'm sure
when i was doing videos via email or
linkedin or whatever format i was trying
to sell them first i was a bit awkward a
bit nervous
probably jigging my words around but
once you've sent 10 once you've sent 20
then like you say the results speak for
themselves because so few people are
actually doing it
even though it's something you've
preached on the show quite a lot so few
people are still doing it especially
not only to book meetings but like we're
talking about later on in the sales
cycle when you're sending
quotation proposals demos whatever to
refresh people's memories of the
conversation you've had it's just a real
good way to stand out
and and no one else is doing it so you
may take advantage may as well take
advantage right now
and and i think as well like there's
there is a there's a
there's a belief that it is a a more
it takes longer to do a video and so
with lots of you know i get lots of
people and so i will commonly when i
make a connection on
linkedin with somebody i will normally
send them a quick
video and just say hey thanks for the
connection
you know i'm here this is what i do this
is how i can help
you know let me know if you've got any
questions let me know what i can help
with and i get a message back
saying thanks so much for sending a
video that's that's great
and it you know it is and i'm glad to do
it and i'm very comfortable with doing
it
but i it's also quicker it would take me
twice as long for me to come up with the
right words to you know yeah maybe i
could
write a little template but it's not
really my thing i want to be able to
kind of be
personal and talk to people and so it's
actually quicker
um and more straightforward to do it as
a video
and it's more personable so there's all
those advantages
and yet you've got the impression that
you've kind of gone the extra mile when
in reality
you've actually probably taken the
easier route
yeah yeah yeah so it's speeding things
up i think you're right it's it's
probably almost just as quick isn't it
to whip out your smartphone or whatever
you're on
and um send that quick video entry and
like you've been honing down throughout
the show
it's just a really good way to stand out
because no one else is doing it i
couldn't actually tell you the last time
i got a video message
through linkedin or even email and so
there you go if anyone wants to pitch me
that's probably the best way
yeah which drives me it drives me at the
wall i mean i you know i
just drives me at the wall but yeah i
say i go back to this email a text based
email from somebody just says
hey you know chris i'm you know i'm
speaking to
sales leaders in your space with this
this you know this sales force only
thing i was like they've just
you know they've just said i don't use
salesforce we use hubspot so it's a com
you know it's a
i don't know what they're expecting and
they said you know i've got a second
email sequence and stuff it's just
sure they might have sent it out to
thousands of people um
but i ignored it you know i i ignored it
so
it's it's far far more straightforward
it does lead to so many more
conversations it's more personable and
actually
if you're of the mindset of you know
looking creativity and
and and sociable and you're a personable
person
you'll enjoy it more by using it
guarantee you you'll you'll enjoy using
it more and you just get
and you'll get people that will come
back and say we're not interested right
now but thanks so much for the video
and i will think about you when when you
know when when that sort of thing comes
up and things which is
you know which is great that's all you
can ask for that's what it's all about
if it's not an opportunity right now
if you've got the chance one in the
future because someone's remembered you
then that's that's always a bonus
right absolutely yeah you stick in mind
chris
thanks very much for coming on sir and
with that note please do
tell us more about how people can learn
from you how people can
connect with you and the best way to get
in touch sir
yeah yeah so um but you know send me a
linkedin um
connection request always open to to
connecting with people
um i tend to um as i've already sort of
said
post a lot of videos on on linkedin
around ways that you can utilize
um hubspot and utilize sales video to
um to book more meetings and to make
better connections
and if people are interested in finding
out more about hubspot or they're
looking to get more out of their hubspot
portal then they can
reach out to us and we can provide
advice and guidance and better ways of
getting getting most out of
out of the tools so send me a connection
request um
and uh yeah look forward to to chat's
people and if you've people got
questions around sales video or just
implementing it or just want to know
anything
um or they won't know how i can clone
myself and talk to myself and i'm always
open to talking about that as well
yeah that was if you have if you haven't
seen the video that might seem like a
really weird statement but i post a lot
of videos where i
talk to old me um it's just a little
funny kind of
set of videos that i've put out which
always gets good some good feedback so
if you want to talk to me about that
sort of stuff then i'm always open to it
good man enjoyed that little video
earlier so we'll we'll put all the links
that chris has mentioned in the show
notes
over at businessgrowth.marketing and
thanks very much chris really appreciate
you coming on today
thanks sam yeah i really appreciate it
thanks for the time cheers dude and if
you enjoyed the show
be sure to hit subscribe on business
growth show wherever the heck you get
your podcast from we interview business
leaders each and every week to provide
actionable tips
across marketing business growth all to
generate more sales and opportunities
for your good self thanks again for
tuning in and we'll catch you on the
next episode